I1283 and i1324 cleaning creating repairing devfile section (#841)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/ref_devfile-reference.adoc

----

Both types above using id, which is slash-separated publisher, name and version of plugin from Che Plugin registry. +

> List of available Che plugins and more information about registry can be found on the link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-plugin-registry[che-plugin-registry] GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of available Che plugins and more information about registry can be found in the link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-plugin-registry[Che plug-in registry] GitHub repository.
```
